docs: VM Migration Assistant (#4737)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md

---
sidebar_label: "Create a VM Migration Assistant Profile"
title: "Create a VM Migration Assistant Cluster Profile"
description: "Learn how to create a Virtual Machine Migration Assistant cluster profile and add it your VMO cluster"
icon: " "
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 10
tags: ["vmo", "vm migration assistant"]
---

Follow these steps to create a new add-on profile that will be applied to your existing VMO cluster.

## Prerequisites

- Your Palette account role must have the `clusterProfile.create` permission to create a cluster profile. Refer to the
  [Permissions](../../user-management/palette-rbac/permissions.md#operations) documentation for more information.
- A healthy VMO cluster. Refer to the [Create a VMO Profile](../create-vmo-profile.md) for further guidance.

>   - The VMO cluster must have access to VMware and the VMs you want to migrate.

Author: That's a bit better, will use that!

5. Select **Add New Pack**. In the next window that displays, enter **Virtual Machine Migration Assistant** in the
   **Filter by name** search bar. The pack is in the **Spectro Addon Repo** registry. Select the pack when it appears.

6. Palette displays the YAML file in the editor at right. You can edit the YAML as needed. Review the following
   parameters and adjust to your requirements if needed.

   | **Parameter**                                                      | **Description**                                                                                                                    | **Default Value**            |
   | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
   | `vm-migration-assistant-ui.console.service.console.type`           | Choose whether to use a `NodePort`, `LoadBalancer`, or an `Ingress` to expose the service console.                                 | `"LoadBalancer"`             |

>    | `vm-migration-assistant-ui.console.service.console.ingress.domain` | If using Ingress, specify the domain name that the Ingress resource will use to expose the VM Migration Assistant service console. | `console.127.0.0.1.sslip.io` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `vm-migration-assistant-ui.console.service.console.ingress.domain` | If using Ingress, specify the domain name that the Ingress resource will use to expose the VM Migration Assistant service console. | `vm-migration.spectrocloud.dev` |
```

6. Palette displays the YAML file in the editor at right. You can edit the YAML as needed. Review the following
   parameters and adjust to your requirements if needed.

   | **Parameter**                                                      | **Description**                                                                                                                    | **Default Value**               |
   | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
   | `vm-migration-assistant-ui.console.service.console.type`           | Choose whether to use a `NodePort`, `LoadBalancer`, or an `Ingress` to expose the service console.                                 | `"LoadBalancer"`                |

>    | `vm-migration-assistant-ui.console.service.console.ingress.domain` | If using Ingress, specify the domain name that the Ingress resource will use to expose the VM Migration Assistant service console. | `vm-migration.spectrocloud.dev` |

Reviewer 2: @benradstone Should this be `console.127.0.0.1.sslip.io` ? I see the Pack README has that value. `spectrocloud.dev` is only applicable to use, so I wonder if that's something that was only used for development purposes.

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding This was a specific change requested by @cloudmaniac.

Reviewer: `console.127.0.0.1.sslip.io` was used for dev. The latest version of the README (which should be pushed today or tomorrow) will have the correct example.
